# android-templates

Templates for generating files in Android projects, based on different architectures.

# Current architectures:
1) MVVM
    - you can create an entire scene (Fragment + ViewModel + XML)
    - data binding enabled and already set up
    - IMPORTANT: it's based on Android-Base-Project
    (https://github.com/wolfpackdigitalapps/android-base-project)
    
# How to Install:

## a) With the Makefile

1) Open the terminal and go to the folder where the makefile is.
2) Run: make install_templates

If you want to uninstall them:
1) make uninstall_templates

## b) Manually

Copy the desired architecture folder (for example: MVVM Flow) to the following path:
"{ANDROID_STUDIO_LOCATION}/plugins/android/lib/templates/other/"
Note: For Mac users: right click on Android Studio in Applications --> Show Package Contents --> find the path from above.


# How to Use:

1) Create a new package for the scene that you want to add now

2) Right click --> New --> Other --> Template Name (MVVM Flow)

3) In the new windows that appeared, set the:
- flow name (ex: Login)
- layout file name (change from the autogenerated name to lowercase: fr_Login to fr_login)
- core package name (com.wolfpackdigital.projectName, delete everything else after it). This is a workaround to automatically add imports for Base Components.

4) Click on "Finish" and there you go!


# Notes:

For some reason, after updating Android Studio to newer versions, the custom templates get deleted :( so you need to repeat the process. The good thing is that with the makefile it's easy.
